H-601, H-1254: Add `hash.ai/learn` content (#2069)
hashintel/hash: apps/hashdotai/guide/04_types/03_link-types.mdx

---
title: Link Types
description: Describing the relationship between things
metaTitle: Link Types - HASH
metaDescription: Link types describe the relationship between things, and may have attributes associated with them
sidebarTitle: Link Types
sidebarIcon: https://app.hash.ai/icons/docs/link.svg
---

> In our developer docs we explain that link types are (under the hood) special-cased entity types, but for all intents and purposes you can think of them as their own thing.
> 
> Links are special entities that exist solely to describe the relationship between two or more other entities. Link types in turn define the properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links are special entities that exist solely to describe the relationship between two other entities. 

Like non-link entities, they have their own type which gives the link semantic meaning, and may have properties which provide more information about the relationship.

For simplicity's sake link types can be defined and edited much like entity types, but for all intents and purposes you can think of them as their own separate thing dedicated to describing relationships between entities. 

You can create a new link type either by doing so when you are inserting a link on an entity type, or by clicking 'Create link type' in the `+` menu in the top right. You can also convert an existing entity type to a link type using the context menu in the top right of an entity type's page, indicated by the three vertical dots.
```
